Question 1:
You are a linguist specializing in Fwe. You are given a sentence along with its morpheme breakdown, gloss, and translation. Words are separated by spaces, and morphemes are separated by hyphens. Based on your understanding, please judge whether the sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical.
Sentence: deč'꞊ra b-aq'-i-le musa w-aˤq'-un quli.}
Gloss: song꞊ADD N-do:PFV-AOR-CVB Musa M-go:PFV-AOR house(LAT)
The English translation of this sentence is: `Having sung a song, Musa went home.'
Here is a relevant knowledge point for this example to help you judge: (\ref{ex:9:18}):
Please only return True or False. Do not say anything else. 

Question 2:
You are a linguist specializing in Fwe. You are given a sentence along with its morpheme breakdown, gloss, and translation. Words are separated by spaces, and morphemes are separated by hyphens. Based on your understanding, please judge whether the sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical.
Sentence: deč'꞊ra b-iq'-uwe musa w-aˤq'-un quli.}
Gloss: song꞊ADD N-do:IPFV-CVB.IPFV Musa M-go:PFV-AOR house(LAT)
The English translation of this sentence is: `Singing a song, Musa went home.'
Here is a relevant knowledge point for this example to help you judge: converb clause is embedded to the main one, cf.\ (\ref{ex:9:29}):
Please only return True or False. Do not say anything else. 

Question 3:
You are a linguist specializing in Fwe. You are given a sentence along with its morpheme breakdown, gloss, and translation. Words are separated by spaces, and morphemes are separated by hyphens. Based on your understanding, please judge whether the sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical.
Sentence: deč'꞊ra b-aq'-i-le musa ʡaˤr-q'-uwe le-w quli.}
Gloss: song꞊ADD N-do:PFV-AOR-CVB Musa away-go:IPFV-CVB.IPFV AUX-M house(LAT)
The English translation of this sentence is: `Having sung a song, Musa is going home.'
Here is a relevant knowledge point for this example to help you judge: sentence (\ref{ex:9:30}) is ungrammatical as well.
Please only return True or False. Do not say anything else. 

