Question 1:
You are a linguist specializing in Fwe. You are given a sentence along with its morpheme breakdown, gloss, and translation. Words are separated by spaces, and morphemes are separated by hyphens. Based on your understanding, please judge whether the sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical.
Sentence: mu-N-júo mu-a-kabí̲r-i=mo mu-sá
Gloss: NP18-NP9-house SM18-PST-enter-PST=LOC18 NP1-thief
The English translation of this sentence is: ‘Into the house entered a thief.’
Here is a relevant knowledge point for this example to help you judge: In locative inversion, the locative subject triggers subject marking on the verb; in (\ref{bkm:Ref74909960}), the subject marker on the verb is that of class 18, agreeing with the locative noun phrase mwìnjúò ‘in the house’, which is marked with a nominal prefix of class 18. The pre-verbal locative constituent may not be cross-referenced on the verb with a locative clitic, as shown by the ungrammaticality of (\ref{bkm:Ref491353170}).
Please only return True or False.

Question 2:
You are a linguist specializing in Fwe. You are given a sentence along with its morpheme breakdown, gloss, and translation. Words are separated by spaces, and morphemes are separated by hyphens. Based on your understanding, please judge whether the sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical.
Sentence: mu-e-∅-rapá mu-a-kabí̲r-i o-zyó ∅-rukúngwe
Gloss: NP18-AUG-NP5-courtyard SM18-PST-enter-NPST.PFV AUG-DEM.III1 NP1a-snake
The English translation of this sentence is: Int.: ‘This (aforementioned) snake entered into the courtyard.’
Here is a relevant knowledge point for this example to help you judge: As the post-verbal constituent is discourse-new, it cannot be combined with an anaphoric demonstrative, as shown by the ungrammaticality of (\ref{bkm:Ref491352363}).
Please only return True or False.

Question 3:
You are a linguist specializing in Fwe. You are given a sentence along with its morpheme breakdown, gloss, and translation. Words are separated by spaces, and morphemes are separated by hyphens. Based on your understanding, please judge whether the sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical.
Sentence: ba-ntu ndí̲-bweHne
Gloss: NP2-person SM1SG.REL-see.STAT
The English translation of this sentence is: ‘The people that I see…’
Here is a relevant knowledge point for this example to help you judge: In object relatives, where the object functions as the antecedent of the relative clause, the demonstrative functioning as a relativizer is obligatory, as in (\ref{bkm:Ref494562073}), and leaving out the demonstrative is ungrammatical, as in (\ref{bkm:Ref74910063}).
Please only return True or False.

